Note StatefulSet in Changelog (#402)
freiheit-com/kuberpult: CHANGELOG.md

* Add action item and list, component design, logic, and tests [#394](https://github.com/freiheit-com/kuberpult/pull/394)

### Breaking change

> * For an upgrade, the StatefulSet needs to be removed manually, before applying the helm chart.

Author: ```suggestion
* After the upgrade, the PersistantVolumeClaim with name:`repository` should be removed manually, because it's not needed anymore.
```
